Sort GraalVM Public Demos and Improve Top-Level README (#131)
graalvm/graalvm-demos: docker-images/README.md

# Running GraalVM Demos in a Docker Container

> Some of the demos (console-based, non-GUI) can be run inside the confinement of a Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the demos (console-based, non-GUI) can be run inside a Docker container.
```

> To get started, clone or download GraalVM Demos repository: `git clone https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos.git`. After cloning the repository, but before running any of the demos, do the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, clone or download GraalVM Demos repository: `git clone https://github.com/graalvm/graalvm-demos.git`. After cloning the repository, but before running any of the demos, perform the following steps.
```

> 1. Build the GraalVM demo Docker image of choice:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build your GraalVM demo Docker image of choice:
```

    ```
    cd docker-images
    ./buildDockerImage.sh "java11-22.2.0"
    ```

>     Note: You can find valid tags to specify as parameters [here](https://github.com/graalvm/container/pkgs/container/graalvm-ce).

Reviewer: I think "Note" should be prefixed with ">"

>     Note: You can find valid tags to specify as parameters [here](https://github.com/graalvm/container/pkgs/container/graalvm-ce).

Reviewer: I don't know what a tag is.

> 2. Return to the root directory of the project and run the GraalVM demo Docker container built above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Return to the root directory of your project and run the GraalVM demo Docker container built above:
```
"container" or "image"?

Author: Image in this context.

    ```
    ./runDockerImage.sh "java11-22.2.0"
    ```

> Once the Docker container is running, go to the folder of the respective demo, and follow the instructions from its README.md.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Docker container is running, go to the directory of the respective demo, and follow the instructions from its _README.md_ file.
```

> Note that GraalVM runtime built with Docker will already contain additional GraalVM components such as Node.JS, Ruby, Python etc., required to run some of the demos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that GraalVM runtime built with Docker will already contain additional GraalVM components (such as Node.JS, Ruby, and Python) required to run some of the demos.
```

> Running GUI-based applications inside a Docker container requires some intermediate VNC Viewer to access the GUI interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running GUI-based applications inside a Docker container requires a VNC Viewer to access the GUI interface.
```

> 1. Download and install any **VNC Viewer**. A number of free or commercial VNC Viewers can be found [here](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=vnc+viewer+download&ia=web).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download and install any **VNC Viewer**. Free or commercial VNC Viewers can be found [here](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=vnc+viewer+download&ia=web).
```

2. Wait for the container to be ready, then run VNC Viewer.

> 3. Log onto http://127.0.0.1:5900 (type it in, in case copy-paste does not work) via the VNC Viewer to access the GUI interface. You will get an `xterm` screen, where you can type in your commands just like the Docker console or any other CLI prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Log in to http://127.0.0.1:5900 (enter the URL, in case copy-paste does not work) via the VNC Viewer to access the GUI interface. You will see an `xterm` screen, where you can enter your commands in the same way that you use the Docker console or any other CLI prompt.
```

> Finally, from the root directory of this repository, run a Docker container with the GraalVM runtime in it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, from the root directory of this repository, run a Docker container containing the GraalVM runtime:
```
